Clarify expectations of Flow Segment get_url (#36)
bbc/tams: README.md

The media data contained within Flow Segments may be stored separately from the metadata linking them to a position on the timeline, separating the media data and metadata planes.
For example our implementation uses a database (_e.g._ Amazon DynamoDB) to store Flow Segment metadata and an object store (_e.g._ AWS S3) to store the media data for Flow Segments.
We refer to media data stored in the object store as 'media objects'.
The Flow Segment has a list of S3 download urls which are the location of the media object(s) that contains the stored media data for the Flow Segment.

> If multiple URLs are returned in the list, they are assumed to be identical.

Reviewer: `they` refers to the media object?
```suggestion
If multiple URLs are returned in the list, they are assumed to return identical media data.
```
